update docs for new example code (#35)
ml-explore/mlx-swift: Source/MLX/Documentation.docc/examples.md

- [https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-swift-examples](https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-swift-examples)

## MNISTTrainer

An example that runs on both iOS and macOS that downloads MNIST training
data and trains an MNIST model.

## LLMEval

> An example that runs on both iOS and macOS that downloads a LLM model
> weights and tokenizer configuration from Hugging Face and evaluates
> a prompt in-process.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "a prompt in-process"? That sounds a bit odd.

Maybe say:

```suggestion
An example that runs on both iOS and macOS that downloads a LLM model
weights and tokenizer configuration from Hugging Face and generates text
from a given prompt.
```

Author: I was trying to indicate that it was generated locally, not via a server.  I like your phrasing -- do you think we need to emphasize that it is local?  Or perhaps that is obvious from the context :-)

Reviewer: Haha yea well it’s certainly clear to me. You could add something like “An example that runs locally on both…”

But I also think it’s clear enough without it
